22 25 thousand rubles are formulated
in the following way
national team of which country the emergency signal
lighthouse
world premiere acted
football tournament happens next
you are spain
purpose of the USSR
for good health
according to
on trial
in USSR
European pie
club tournament
officially
we are the USSR
by taxi trails that after all but now we
we can say European Championship but
even when night called
seemingly after sleep
not
call me on the phone
case all the same so let's go year
say we call absolutely
Doll
Andrey Arshavin
winning score so scatter even to
minimum
but the blow that even now we will hear
violated november
of life
in warsaw in life in future life
unusually confessed to his deed
the exhibition got these conjectures 4 it would be
it would be logical to be helpful
city ​​of Uzbekistan
I follow her
no andrew
borodin
hello such dmitry dibrov
program who wants to be a millionaire
medals
2.7 site
here that was dropped off the car
grand success or in england or not
measures taken measures
hahaha ta ta ta in labor supplies
team markevich old sit at you
close friends of Vladislav Radimov
she was given was conquered here
would help exposing 25 thousand
rubles
in Voronezh
Bavaria must be addressed in the final report
3 but so put it to speak early but
let's do so thousands of gentlemen
tons
Andrew collection on what country has become
the winner of the first European
football tournament italy spain in ussr
problem in g budget
soon fire in balashikha
given to the number of the first
This is on the 14th year of 108 people
when prime for role on fishing and
legal acts the guys began to think at night
it was scary the content was not asked
so far thanks to the goods from the revolver however
from there
the officer
after this 2010
itself in just a few years and
the girl raised his sons
and as you say as a result millions
lovers at the level of the exhibition workshop in March
from the church father composition
how much would be called then
world championship in bern
many would think of thinking of something else
Europe in Bern by points legendary
footballer declared beheaded and andrew
in one voice without saying a word gave
correct answer